revamp overview of ingestion (#2610)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/ingest/data-ingestion.md

- **Ingest via DML Statements**: Like other databases, RisingWave allows users to directly insert and modify data in tables using DML statements (`INSERT`, `UPDATE`, `DELETE`). 
  - Additionally, with the `INSERT ... SELECT` statement, users can transform ad-hoc ingestion data into a streaming flow to the table, affecting the downstream streaming pipeline of the table. This can also be used for [bulk imports](./data-ingestion.md#use-insert--select--do-bulk-ingestion).

## Ingest data from external systems

### Source

In RisingWave, **Source** is the most fundamental object used to connect to data from external systems. Here is a simple example of creating a source from kafka.

```SQL
CREATE SOURCE kafka_source (
  k int, 
  v1 text,
  v2 text
)
WITH (
  connector = 'kafka',
  topic = 'topic_name',
  properties.bootstrap.server = 'message_queue:29092'
) FORMAT PLAIN ENCODE JSON;
```

After creating a source, no actual data ingestion will occur. Data ingestion happens when a query that references the source is submitted. 

- `CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW` or `CREATE SINK` statement will generate an **streaming ingestion** jobs. 

> The following statement will continuously ingest content from the Kafka topic and maintain it in the materialized view `mv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following statement will continuously import data from the Kafka topic and store it in the materialized view `mv`.
```

  ```SQL
  CREATE MATERIALIZED VIEW mv AS
  SELECT *
  FROM kafka_source;
  ```

> - Also, directly query can be processed on the source and an **ad-hoc ingestion** will happened during the query's processing (more information in [directly query kafka](/ingest/ingest-from-kafka.md#query-kafka-timestamp))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Also, queries can be executed directly on the source, and **ad-hoc ingestion** will happened during the query's processing (more information in [directly query kafka](/ingest/ingest-from-kafka.md#query-kafka-timestamp))
```
```suggestion
- Also, directly query can be processed on the source and an **ad-hoc ingestion** will happened during the query's processing (more information in [directly query kafka](/ingest/ingest-from-kafka.md#query-kafka-timestamp))
```

  ```SQL
  SELECT * FROM source_name
  WHERE _rw_kafka_timestamp > now() - interval '10 minute';
  ```

For specific source types, their support for Streaming Ingestion and ad-hoc ingestion varies. Please refer to the [doc](/docs/current/sources) for the specific sources.

> ### Table with connector

Author: todo in future PR: I used to think to add some information about what happen when create a streaming query on the table. But I soon realized it should be a general explaination for users. It should not only for the table with connector but for all MV on MV and MV on table

2. **Allow defining primary keys:** With the help of its internal storage, RisingWave can efficiently maintain primary key constraints. Users can define a primary key on a specific column of the table and define different behaviors for primary key conflicts with [ON CONFLICT clause](/sql/commands/sql-create-table.md#pk-conflict-behavior).
3. **Ability to handle delete/update changes**: Based on the definition of primary keys, RisingWave can efficiently process upstream synchronized delete and update operations. For systems that synchronize delete/update operations from external systems, such as database's CDC, we **do not** allow creating source on it but require a table with connector.

At the same time, like regular tables, tables with connectors also accept DML statements and [CREATE SINK INTO TABLE](/sql/commands/sql-create-sink-into.md), which provides greater flexibility.

> ## DML on tables

Author: todo in future PR: move https://docs.risingwave.com/docs/next/deletes-and-updates/ here.

1. **Improved ad-hoc query performance:** When users execute queries such as `SELECT * FROM table_on_kafka`, the query engine will directly access the data from RisingWave's internal storage, eliminating unnecessary network overhead and avoiding read pressure on upstream systems. Additionally, users can create [indexes](/transform/indexes.md) on the table to accelerate queries.

2. **Allow defining primary keys:** With the help of its internal storage, RisingWave can efficiently maintain primary key constraints. Users can define a primary key on a specific column of the table and define different behaviors for primary key conflicts with [ON CONFLICT clause](/sql/commands/sql-create-table.md#pk-conflict-behavior).

3. **Ability to handle delete/update changes**: Based on the definition of primary keys, RisingWave can efficiently process upstream synchronized delete and update operations. For systems that synchronize delete/update operations from external systems, such as database's CDC, we **do not** allow creating a source on it but require a table with connectors.

> At the same time, like regular tables, tables with connectors also accept DML statements and [CREATE SINK INTO TABLE](/sql/commands/sql-create-sink-into.md), which provides greater flexibility.

Reviewer 2: Why not make this bullet point 4? I thought this point was missed until read carefully 🤪

Reviewer 2: Oh, there's a whole section below for DML

  ('2023-06-13T10:04:00Z', 'user5', 'page2', 'view');
```

### Use `insert ... select ...` do bulk ingestion

For sources that only support ad-hoc ingestion but not streaming ingestion such as [Iceberg source](/docs/next/ingest-from-iceberg/),  `insert ... select ...` can be used to implement bulk data import into the table, and to convert the data into a stream of changes that are synchronized downstream to the table.

```SQL
create source source_iceberg_t1
with (
    connector = 'iceberg',
    catalog.type = 'storage',
    ...
    database.name = 's1',
    table.name = 't1'
);

create table t1(
  timestamp timestamp with time zone,
  user_id varchar,
  page_id varchar,
  action varchar
);

insert into t1 select * from source_iceberg_t1;
```

> 

Author: todo in future PR: add guide for merge bulk data and later streaming ingestion
